---
layout: post
title: "Introduction and Why am I doing this?"
---

### Introduction

On this day, I had this idea to blog my daily activities. I started my Ph.D. at the Delft University of Technology on 1st September, 2020. I thought it is a good idea to write the activities I do everyday on a blog. 

This blog is built with jekyll ruby software (a static site engine, link in the footer). This involves a little bit of coding. This way I keep my hobby alive, i.e, designing, customizing and managing my own content online. I have been using ruby for a lot of things since 2013. I use github to host my website. This way, I don't spend extra money on hosting. I write my posts with markdown scripts and push them to github after generating the static site using Jekyll. Pretty cool, eh? It also has the option to put math type-casting. Probably, I can use latex later. 

### Why am I doing this?

In our quotidian routine, with a job of any kind, we manage our time doing several tasks. Apart from that, we also manage to do personal activities like hobbies. We use online and offline tools to keep track of our activities all the time. Some people are smart enough just to use their brains and keep track of the activities without even having them noted down online or offline. There, brain acts as the tool. However, not everyone is a genius. We need tools to help us with that, especially when we do multi-tasking. 

Some of us use Calendars, Sticky Notes, Jira or even Trello to manage our tasks. My personal favorite is Trello. We can choose labels, check points and a lot of other options to keep track of our progress. And, to manage code versions, I use Github and possibly I will use the GitLab server of the department in near future. What could be better than Github?

If everything is already there, why am I doing this?

To answer this, I should share my experience and observations that I had for the last ten months. I was a master student at the same university from August, 2018 to August, 2020. I was busy doing my master thesis from November, 2019 till August, 2020. I had several tasks to accomplish during that period. I used to write my thesis also while I was working. This saved me a lot of time. I managed my model codes on Github. 

Although, I was able to finish everything in time, I realized I had missed some of the ideas I accidentally formulated during this ten months. These ideas just came to my mind in different forms. For example, some came to me after I discussed something with my professor supervisor. In addition to that, sometimes I tried to gather ideas when I spoke with other people from completely different domains. Some even came to me just by observing the nature of daily subjects. Furthermore, as a connoisseur of dreams, I also like to remember and document what I dream everyday.

To sum up, I feel these thoughts need to be documented for future use. This not only will give a sense of self-satisfaction, but also will help in a lot of ways we don't even know about. This is vital because your daily motivation can have a lot of information about your work, yourself and even about others. Fundamental physics teaches us that information is never lost. However, it also says that if we don't have a way to define the information, it can change its form and to recollect the flying information, we may need a lot of energy and time. Therefore, defining and documenting the information is definitely a good idea to start with. 

