---
layout: post
title: "Oct19"
---
### Schedule

This, I consider as a big day in my life. Although I graduated from my master program here at TU Delft on 27th August, my degree wasn't awarded to me on that day due to corona-virus situation. This was the day, I had the appointment at the university to collect the degree. I collected it at 11h20. It was a very nice feeling indeed. The staff who handed it over to me congratulated me for my success and for the _cum laude_ that I received with my degree. I was super happy to see my blood, sweat and tears that printed in that one piece of paper. For sometime, I won't lie, I felt like Sheldon Cooper :stuck_out_tongue: .

Cum laude ( Latin : cum = met, laus = honors, 'with honors') is a designation used when people with high marks pass their university or master's degree exams. (source: wiki)

Then, I went to my office at the university and studied till 15h30. Then, I came home walking. A weird and rare thing happened to me while I was walking inside the university campus. A girl was cycling towards me with absolutely no headphones on, yet, she was singing. It is a from a British band that I like. They are called `AltJ` . The song is `Breezeblocks`. I won't say which part of the song she was singing. However, the coincidence was very weird and unexpected given the fact that the band is not very popular (I guess people are too stupid and ignorant these days to appreciate the beauty of such a genius band). 

While coming back, I grabbed a pita chicken gyros from a Greek take away shop and came home. These days, I like walking to the university for two reasons. First, while walking, I get a lot of ideas and day dreams :stuck_out_tongue: . Second, I have got a flat tire and I don't want to fix it now. 

I made butter chicken with my house-mates for dinner. 

#### New log (Lostarmour log 19.10.20.1)

* Start writing the presentation about the department servers. I need to do an introduction about how to use the RedHat Linux servers for different purposes along with how to debug the frequent problems that occur in them for the employees and also for the new master students in our group. Will be fun sharing my experience. 

* Please read some papers to catch up the pace of the Ph.D. work.  