---
layout: post
title: "Oct14"
---

### The schedule

Today, I started my day a little late, around 9h30 EST. I wanted to study, but couldn't concentrate well. However, I started a little bit and took intermittent breaks. Somehow, I managed to read two lectures of a course. 

Then, I cooked lunch and had it together with my house-mates. We cooked egg biryani. I had some fried cubed potatoes with it as well. Although, people from west India believe that adding potatoes is weird, we, people from the east India believe that it is some sort of magic. Well, we don't agree to each other to some extent, but, somehow I feel they are believing my theory. I mean, why not? At last, in fact, it is the truth. You add in potatoes and it becomes flavorful after taking all the goodness of the gravy. In fact, one of them is now putting chicken with potatoes in the oven. It is his favorite way of cooking chicken now. It is easy, fast and delicious. :D

Then, I came back to study a little more, especially, some examples of the theory I had looked into. After two or three hours, I felt asleep spontaneously for one and a half hours. When I woke up, it was already 18h30 EST. I called mom and dad. A younger cousin was a bonus in that phone call. :P I had ordered Arsenic Album 30 (A homeopathic medicine which helps boost immunity in the body) from Germany. As my parents already know how to use it, I asked them how to. This medicine is necessary in these dark times. Although it is not a vaccine, it may help reduce the multiplication of the virus if it comes inside the body.

Later, at 19h30 I started cooking dinner with one friend. We, all house-mates had dinner and talked about machines and if they are going to overpower humans in the end. My conclusion was a "No" because I believe unsupervised learning may lead to over-estimation :P. We should either work on it or wait for the superpowers of the world to share a comparative studies. However, reading Asimov in our free time is also a very good idea. :D

Then, I came to my room and had some Pepsi. Watched 2 episodes of "Boy meets world" on Disney+ . This is one show that I watched as a kid. It was one of my favorites. Although, I have taken Disney+ for the upcoming season of Mandalorian, I am enjoying all my favorite Disney shows along with the Marvel movies. I am surprised to find a lot of content in Disney+ . It has Marvel, Star Wars, Nat Geo, Pixar and also all Disney originals. What else do you need?

### Work related:

In the study hours, I studied about linear and non-linear detection problems using hypothesis analysis. It takes me time as it involves more signal processing and I am from a fundamental Electromagnetic background. "Calculus" :: Yay!! , but "Matrix Calculus" :: Neh! Some people are out there who can relate to me :D. We are old school and we are the best. I feel good that I understand signal processing, and at the same time I think I will not be able to indulge myself in signal processing for a long time. I need to talk to my supervisors soon about the scope of my project. 

Furthermore, I feel I should find more time to start writing a the research paper based on my master thesis. I feel it can be submitted to MTT (Microwave Theory and Techniques) as my thesis was a very theoretical solver design. It is a theory developed in itself. However, I will also have to check Antennas and Propagation journal too. Winter is on its way and it doesn't allow me to wake up before 8h00 EST. And, I have a time slot in the morning every working day from 8h00 to 9h00 EST to look up about the formats of these journals. Either I have to gather some energy to get out of my bed early or I have to shift this time slot to 17h00 EST. Most likely, I will stick to the former. Let's wait and watch. 

### Note to self (Lostarmour log 14.10.20.1)

*  Be a little organized from tomorrow.
*  Take the medicine.
*  Self appreciation by buying something from [large](http://large.nl) as they have some fun stuff with discounts (Some star wars goodies on the way) :P 
*  Learn how to use GithHub flavored emojis on this blog so that I do not have to use :P, :D and or <3. When I figure it out, I will write about them.
*  Stop playing `among us`. It is addictive.
*  Try reading the book "Doppler radar and Weather Observation". I got this book yesterday from the library. 
*  Try reading one page of the book "General Theory of Relativity" by Paul Dirac. He was an introvert. His book is also the same. Therefore, only one page. It is too deep. 



